Alif comes to live the brimstone the
butter colored fly that may have given
all butter flies her name and the
changing color of a speckled wood
facility means it's almost ready to
emerge woodland butterflies like the
white Admiral and silver watch for
Tillery have declined dramatically they
remind us that habitat isn't just lost
when a building goes up or a hedgerows
ripped out it also disappears with
neglect the heath fritillary was known
as the Woodman's friend thriving where
trees were cut down and light flooded in
allowing its food plant common cow wheat
to grow it was close to extinction but
now creates one of Britain's biggest
butterfly spectacles thanks to people
resurrecting traditional ways of
managing the woodland
but butterflies are also giving us vital
information about another threat to our
wildlife and they're doing it through
moments of beauty like this
[Music]
you